Components: Update Readme (#69967)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/components/README.md

In non-WordPress projects, link to the `build-style/style.css` file directly, it is located at `node_modules/@wordpress/components/build-style/style.css`.

> > **Note:** If your project supports right-to-left (RTL) languages, you should also include the RTL stylesheet:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If your project supports right-to-left (RTL) languages, you should include the appropriate stylesheet, either the standard or the RTL version, but not both. The RTL stylesheet is located at:
```

Author: Have updated the comment
